sometimes stories, air called for it. And sometimes, um, they're not One
example could be. Let's say you had an outing. Uh, your younger Navy
years where, um you wanted you wind up at some shady place that
you weren't supposed to be at. Um, there is an officer in the corner,
and you kind of like, slipped out of out of sight. Let's say it's
past curfew or something, and you were there when you weren't supposed
to be. Now, of course, that could make for a good story. You know,
when your third class or second class. Um, But if you wanted to say
the same story as a chief, then people might lose respect for you
even though it happened. And even though it is something to explain,
because it does happen a lot, you know, um, you don't wanna mention
those types of stories to your subordinates because number one they
think that your actions air right. Since then, you've learned that
they're wrong. Since then, you would have changed. But you can't explain
all of that to them. You're not going to say Yeah. I was speeding
at 100 MPH on the I five, um, and smiling at it because, like, even
though you say Well, you know, since then, I've slowed down. Since
then, I have a family. They're not gonna listen to that. They're just
gonna listen to the part where you were speeding and they can speed
now, too. So there's a time and a place for everything. Um, if if
it's a story that makes him smile and builds, report builds morale,
then go ahead and throw that out there. If it's a story where you've
changed your mind and you don't think that you have the tools necessary
or at least amount of time necessary to explain that it was,
uh it wasn't something that you're supposed to be doing, even though
it might make for a great sea story. You should put that in your back
pocket.